# stevedata 0.8.0

The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. Additions include:

- `fakeHappiness`: a (fake) data set to illustrate a curvilinear effect. Application: the so-called U-shaped relationship between age and happiness.
- `inglehart03`: a data set cobbled from Inglehart's (2003) "How Solid is Mass Support for Democracy---And How Can We Measure It?" in *PS: Politial Science & Politics*. These would include the information as presented in the article itself as opposed to the underlying (raw) data as one might get them in an earlier version of the World/European Survey.
- `sweden_counties`: a data set on identifiers for the counties of Sweden.


Updates include:

- new turnip prices in `turnips`.
- newer economic data in `pwt_sample`.
- Changed file compression of files. where appropriate.


# stevedata 0.7.0

The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. Additions include:

- `SBCD`: a data set on banking, currency, and debt (restructuring) crises from 1970 to 2017.
- `thatcher_approval`: a data set on satisfaction/dissatisfaction ratings of the government, the prime minister, and the leader of the opposition during the entirety of Margaret Thatcher's tenure as prime minister.

Updates include:

- new turnip prices in `turnips`.
- updated `DJIA` data
- revised `steves_clothes` data.

# stevedata 0.6.0


The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. Additions include:

- `voteincome`: a data set on turnout and demographic data, admittedly stolen from [the Zelig project](https://zeligproject.org/).

Updates include:

- adjusted/streamlined Clemson temperature data in `clemson_temps`.
- new turnip prices in `turnips`.

# stevedata 0.5.0


The newest release will have some new and updated data sets.  Additions include:

- `wvs_usa_educat`: a data set on how World Values Survey codes education categories for the United States across waves of its data set.
- `wvs_usa_regions`: a data set on how World Values Survey codes region categories for the United States across waves of its data set.

Updates include:

- new turnip prices in `turnips`.
- "zap" formats in `af_crime93`.
- new sulfur dioxide emission data in `so2concentrations`
- new sugar price data in `sugar_price`.
- new Clemson temperature data in `clemson_temps`.
- new coffee data in `coffee_imports` and `coffee_price`.

# stevedata 0.4.0


The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. These include:

- `anes_partytherms`: a data frame on thermometer ratings for the Democratic party, Republican party, and thermometer indices of both in the ANES (1978-2012)
- `turnips`: a data frame on turnip prices in Animal Crossing. This will be here, likely, as long as I can commit to doing this.

Examples may have been updated for greater clarity, especially as this release comes with an accompanying site generated by `{pkgdown}`. The vignette has been updated as well to account for this.

The release of this package was accelerated by a note from Brian Ripley that R users should anticipate decreased support for direct links by FTP in their preferred web browsers. Accordingly, these links should be changed or scrubbed. This concerned the `co2emissions` data and documentation. I removed those FTP links. There were no http:// or https:// corollaries. However, the bibliography is still sufficiently informative.

# stevedata 0.3.1


The newest release adds a few variables to `election_turnout` (with the idea of ultimately phasing out this data set). More importantly, CRAN flagged this as a package with unnecessarily large "LazyData" data sets. It makes the change implored by Brian Ripley in the DESCRIPTION file.


# stevedata 0.3.0


The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. These include:

- `af_crime93`: a data frame on crime for 50 states (+ DC) from around 1993. The data feature a known case of heteroskedasticity.
- `anes_vote84`: a data frame on individual-level voter turnout in the 1984 general election. Data come from the 1984 time-series of the American National election Studies.
- `eight_schools`: a data frame on the effect of special SAT coaching programs in the famous "eight schools" that we all get when learning Bayesian stuff.
- `min_wage`: a data frame on federal minimum wage rates since 1938.

Updates include:

- Add `wkrstat` variable to `gss_wages`.
- Updating `Presidents` because Trump's tenure is mercifully over.


# stevedata 0.2.0


The newest release will have some new and updated data sets. These include:

- `fakeAPI`: a data frame on academic performance for 10,000 schools in a hypothetical territorial unit. Note: data are fake, but useful for survey-type analyses.
- `nesarc_drinkspd`: a data frame on the self-reported drink habits of Americans from a survey in 2001-2002.
- `SCP16`: a data frame of observations about the South Carolina party primaries from 2016.
- `ukg_eeri`: a data frame on real effective exchange rates for the United Kingdom from 1990 to the most recent year.
- `usa_migration`: a data frame on inbound/outbound migration patterns for the United States from 1990 to 2017.
- `usa_tradegdp`: a data frame on yearly trade and GDP in the United States from 1790 to 2018.
- `wvs_usa_abortion`: a data frame on opinions about abortion across six waves of the World Values Survey in the United States.



# stevedata 0.1.0


- Initial release
